Document ignore_invalidation_older_than (#307)
timescale/docs.timescale.com-content: api.md

|`refresh_lag` | Amount by which the materialization for the continuous aggregate lags behind the current time |
|`refresh_interval` | Interval between updates of the continuous aggregate materialization|
|`max_interval_per_job` | Maximum amount of data processed by a materialization job in a single run|

> |`ignore_invalidation_older_than` | Do not update continous aggregate view for older updates|

Reviewer: Could you reword to use the same style as the docs for other parameters (passive vs active)?

> |`ignore_invalidation_older_than` | Interval for which updated rows will trigger update of the continuous aggregate|

Reviewer: typo -> will not
```suggestion
|`ignore_invalidation_older_than` | Interval for which modified rows (i.e. insert/update/delete) will not trigger update of the continuous aggregate|
```

Author: Shouldn't it be "will" since updates in the interval [NOW - IIOT, NOW] will trigger an update, or have I misunderstood how it works?

Reviewer: I think of it as ignoring anything before NOW - IIOT. Maybe we should not refer to it as _interval_ as it is not clear which interval we are referring to : is it anything < NOW - IIOT or the other one.

Author: Yes, but not sure how to re-write it without using active tense. "Age before which modifications do not trigger an update of the continuous aggregate."?

Reviewer: lets do that and see if anyone else has suggestions.

|`materialization_hypertable` | Name of the underlying materialization table|
|`view_definition` | `SELECT` query for continuous aggregate view|

#### Sample Usage
```sql
select * from timescaledb_information.continuous_aggregates;
-[ RECORD 1 ]------------------+-------------------------------------------------
view_name                      | contagg_view
view_owner                     | postgres
refresh_lag                    | 2
refresh_interval               | 12:00:00

> ignore_invalidation_older_than | 1 month

Reviewer: ignore_invalidation_older_than looks incorrect.

Author: In what sense? It cannot be set to `1 month` so I changed that to `7 days` (and verified that it can actually be set).

Reviewer: refresh_lag says 2, so thought this is a cont. aggregate on an integer based hypertable. Is it?

Author: Right, this is what I get when I run the tutorial:
```
nyc_data=# SELECT * FROM timescaledb_information.continuous_aggregates;
-[ RECORD 1 ]------------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
view_name                      | cagg_rides_view
view_owner                     | postgres
refresh_lag                    | 02:00:00
refresh_interval               | 00:30:00
max_interval_per_job           | 20:00:00
ignore_invalidation_older_than | 106751991 days 04:00:54.775807
materialization_hypertable     | _timescaledb_internal._materialized_hypertable_2
view_definition                |  SELECT rides.vendor_id,                                                               +
                               |     time_bucket('01:00:00'::interval, rides.pickup_datetime) AS day,                   +
                               |     count(*) AS total_rides,                                                           +
                               |     avg(rides.fare_amount) AS avg_fare,                                                +
                               |     max(rides.trip_distance) AS max_trip_distance,                                     +
                               |     min(rides.trip_distance) AS min_trip_distance                                      +
                               |    FROM rides                                                                          +
                               |   GROUP BY rides.vendor_id, (time_bucket('01:00:00'::interval, rides.pickup_datetime));
```

max_interval_per_job           | 20
materialization_hypertable     | _timescaledb_internal._materialized_hypertable_2
view_definition                |  SELECT foo.a,                                  +

>                                |     count(foo.b) AS countb                      +

Reviewer 2: Should 'count' be capitalized here?

                               |    FROM foo                                     +

>                                |   GROUP BY (time_bucket(1, foo.a)), foo.a;

Reviewer: I think the view stmt is for a integer based hypertable
changing the time_bucket to time_bucket('1 day', ...) should fix that.

Author: Done.
